As he already said, we have no idea what's going on here.
improvise without rehearsal on the go the legal but who knows is that they kept
the most difficult challenge
work that prepared dishes
the final challenge of today then is a scene the indication but are characters
of the game if the person for contempt as suggested by someone in the audience he goes
having a publication that will be proposed by a special guest will be
released on vinyl
cinema leaves the cinema begins to discover who the characters are
anderson or parkshoppingbarigüi
mickey mouse efe - the 99 she went to ldu
your character for me
hit the printed matter thereafter
This has told you or you can a project where there is not
must continue to win
the shirt 7
and for me the last character here somebody knocked me over a family
I can only go back now
not even reader
so now
receive us the challenge of the screen
25% 7 agree
the foot and then I looked at the birth
says the study
What we do here for you here that the following
What you need to do a scene
pa in thesis panetta
all speeches focusing on 10
O
photo after photo ap
teacher retired teacher
she protested her captain wanted it
the miner
with all that money
I'll be the head of the economy
very beautiful to see your urban legion with this
one minute
ah charge
year
Everybody knows that this money is my skin You're only going to use this one
money to buy richter scale
there
I asked him on the day of 2010 the team will take advantage of this deadline goes to the end
wildcard
now the
you
Are you knowing your leaves?
considering the money we will take and worse has passed
the inflation
Yes Yes
then
Do you have any plans?
in the duck minutes in this game
the garden
with paulo
composed of at least two goals
Paulo
she told
and I will not have a problem
cc all
it's not a wig
he came to power as you another piece of collaboration
I will not give that money
the mato-grosense
military
is here
there
and this money
this money is the same
close by
you can pass
art
O
face
barreto
It's money Peixoto has a domino game.
there the paper
ae
yea